Some people lower their heads and linger in thought, trying to figure it out with their intellect. They hardly realize that they are seeing ghosts without number in front of their skulls
Shame is dirty fuel. Insecurity is dirty fuel. Addiction is dirty fuel. Compulsion is dirty fuel. Revenge is dirty fuel. Hatred is dirty fuel. Run clean and feel clean. Walk into the light
You never know what worse luck your bad luck has saved you from
Whenever you catch yourself agonizing over an L, think back to all the times you felt like you avoided some catastrophe. So many moments in the past where you thanked the stars for protecting you. Your time was due. Don't sweat. Equilibrium will be reached so just keep it moving
The best decisions can't be quantified. They just make sense to you. Where you live. Who you love. How you spend your time. Simply feels right in a way many could never understand. They're not supposed to. Smile and nod at the cope and seethe. Fancy your soulful life unabashedly
Basically nothing is that serious anymore. Try your best. Be a good person. Keep it moving. Life continues to surprise
You cannot imagine all of the good you can do with your life, the sum total of it, for it is enormous, immeasurable, incalculable
They said I’m gonna pass away some day I said fuck it we ball
There’s still a lot of life to live
One W is worth a thousand Ls
I want to be as happy as i was when i was playing counterstrike global offensive
Amidst a sea of Ls, sometimes there stands a W
What's stopping you from doing ALL the things
L + ratio + I see God in everything while you’re blinded by the pseudo-rationality of the flesh
It’s never as bad as you think, never as bad as you imagine
When you’re happy, you have a lot more freedom in the things you can say because your words aren’t as heavy, they tend not to hang on others the same way they do when you’re miserable and hopeless
Perhaps I should’ve have taken things more seriously
You had the spirit in you as a kid and you haven’t lost it. Maybe it’s been buried and needs some digging out, but it never leaves you. Don’t give up on it
Saying “let’s fucking go” out loud to yourself all alone, thinking about what your life could be if you could just solve these few problems right in front of you
True life, true creation is out of your control. It takes endless forms most beautiful and unpredictable
Joy becomes easy once you accept the past can't be relived. You yearn for a memory that was only meant to be experienced once. It's a life changing opportunity. Superb city. Lovely girl. But it doesn't feel like that one time. It'll never be the same, so let the next be different
In real life there is no fairness. Heavyweights also jump higher. The arc of fate does not bend. All narrative tension is in your mind; you can literally just gain or lose value with nothing in exchange
It’s annoying how head spinningly complicated life is. Why can’t we have one new variable at a time
Because life is impossible without action, you will do something. You’ll either eat or not, you’ll either give away food or not, you’ll either wage war or not. You have the option to do something or not. The result, the reward is not in your hands.
The option is the limit of your control. You can either wage war or not but the result is not in your control. Even if you desire victory it may not be yours, you could also lose! Your desire to win will make you fear defeat.
If you are indifferent to victory and defeat but fight the war as your duty then there will be no question of happiness or sorrow. Such a desire less person is imperturbable. Hence, shed any desire for reward. Do what is within your control which means, do your duty.
Most people can’t be bothered to do 30 minutes of back of the envelope math to see if their long term plans even make any sense
If you have high expectations, anything other than a great result will throw you off course. Bouncing back from failures will become more difficult over time.
Trade high expectations for a commitment to your goal.  And understand that failure and doubt is a key part of process.
Whatever you feel, feel more. Whoever you love, love more.
Kinda crazy that out of all people who have ever lived and will ever live, I just happened to be the main character. I mean, what are the odds?? Wild, right?
Little will suck the joy out of this life quite like having convinced yourself that you should already have it all together
Stop making enemies in your own head, you are fine
Move fast - don’t give yourself time to overthink and ruin opportunities.
They say no man is an island but here i am
Thought I would feel something when I surpassed. But nope, nothing at all. Just an empty void. A whisper lost in the wind, teardrops in the rain.
Being locked in gotta be a top 5 feeling
The more internally invigorated you are, that's a sign you're exactly where you're supposed to be. Hating shit is cringe. Don't let the blind psyop you into pursuing soulless ideas of improvement
The present is what you make it and the future is going to be better
No longer feel like I have to do something hugely important to compensate for all the things I messed up
Life's too short to be grinding away at some soul-sucking bullshit that drains the life outta you.
Lock the fuck in and take control, every second spent ruminating about what you could have done better is worthless.
Ls are never final but Ws are forever
You're still breathing. Same body. Same place. The sun continues to rise and set as it always has
When I was 24 I won a Great Victory. I felt in that moment I would take amphetamines and code forever. Alas, I’m unlikely to stay employed past Q3
To think you need to hate yourself to work hard is very sad
If you can help a person – help, if you cannot help – pray, if you do not know how to pray – think about the person in a good way! And this will already be a help because Godly thoughts are also a weapon!
I know I'm winning in life when I'm able to experience effortless excitement. But this is regardless of circumstance. Could be rich and look forward to a lavish purchase. Could be broke and spring out of bed ready to transform. The feeling is everything. Only L is being a doomer
Being an older brother, there is this lifelong sense of responsibility
Life is like being at the dentist. You always think that the worst is still to come, and yet it is over already
They say you should desire a thing for its own sake instead of for the idea of the thing. But actually the idea is more powerful.
You always want to regret doing something over not doing something. At least with the former you embodied conviction. If it doesn't work out then so be it. Can look yourself in the mirror and proudly say you chose life. Leaned the fuck in. Playing anything safe robs of you that
It’s interesting that people are very self-critical of their small, trivial mistakes but will endlessly rationalize and justify mistakes that alter the entire course of their lives.
Producing beautiful software is not a goal. Solving complex technical problems is not a goal. Writing bug-free code is not a goal. Using sexy programming languages is not a goal. Add revenue. Reduce costs. Those are your only goals.
Strip off your insulation. The warmth is all around.
To remove the training wheels, because you’re ready now, at long last, to let the world take you and knead you and recreate you in its image.
Can’t imagine how stressful life is for people who take themselves seriously
There is a war between the DMT entities I’ve contacted and they all make a compelling sales pitch
60ish more years left, 20ish able-bodied? You’re not respawning. What are you waiting for? Don’t look back and say, “Damn, I could have been great”
There is nothing noble about feeling sad! There is nothing healthy about focusing your whole life on trauma! On blindly concentrating on the worst atrocities happening at the moment! There is an entire world of exciting and beautiful things out there!! Fucking enjoy it!!
Some are simply disproportionately more what they’re not than what they are.
Please God let me live another day, I promise to enjoy it for once.
Honor the mandate of heaven bestowed upon you
You're cool. Everyone is cool. Show up. Be down. Laugh more and think less. Let the rest take care of itself
It’s incredibly hard to mess up an opportunity that’s actually meant for you. You think something would’ve worked out had you just not made that one mistake. Doesn’t work like that. If success rested upon such fragility, it was never supposed to happen. Leave the scarcity behind
Money doesn't exist unless you spend it. If you don't, your life remains the exact same regardless of what the screen says. The only difference is that a bigger number makes it easier to feel secure. But it's still not as easy as just feeling that way right now without permission
Heart drops to the bottom of your stomach. But then you realize that you're finally free. Nothing was ever guaranteed. You could've leaned into joy this entire time
Always learn from your mistakes, but never make the mistake of thinking the mistake was that you chose to play the game
Anyone who tells you that you aren’t a main character is ngmi. You are the main character and always have been. If someone else was the main character then you’d be them.
Do the opposite of what your anxieties want you to do and you'll always be alright. Down bad, show even more love to your friends than you usually do. Huge L, use your last bit of energy to gift someone a W instead. Commit to this and you won't believe the wealth coming your way
Everything is fun, when you do it seriously
If you’re too tired to go out with friends you’re too tired to stay home and watch Netflix
Make a complete, unwavering commitment to the present, and you never have to pay a debt for not thinking about the future, because it never comes
There are a million songs that we will never hear, sights that we'll never see, kisses we will never share, that alone is enough of a reason for life to be intolerable
Sometimes you feel such energy coursing through your veins you are sure you would be able to raise the dead if you tried
There’s peace in knowing every moment won’t last forever. The good and the bad.
You gotta start your kids early on microplastics so they build up a tolerance
I think you’re likely radically underestimating the ceiling of what you’re capable of in basically every way, and I’d bet on it at a large multiple
Me giving advice: “if I was in your shoes I’d do better in every way”
Zero reason to take any of it so seriously. Move light. Fuck it just ball
Don’t think I’ve ever been this back and it makes me terrified for everyone else
Make a complete, unwavering commitment to the present, and you never have to pay a debt for not thinking about the future, because it never comes
I’ve been living the ‘this year, things are going to be different’ story, every year for the last 15 years. This year, I’ve decided to just let it go
There’s peace in knowing every moment won’t last forever. The good and the bad.
Good morning. The tears won't stop falling since I woke.
Getting a new tattoo, it says “I do have some regrets.”
When you’re happy, you have a lot more freedom in the things you can say because your words aren’t as heavy, they tend not to hang on others the same way they do when you’re miserable and hopeless
In real life there is no fairness. Heavyweights also jump higher. The arc of fate does not bend. All narrative tension is in your mind; you can literally just gain or lose value with nothing in exchange
I need to stop doubting myself I’m literally a genius
Maturity is realizing you are the only person on earth who is right all the time
Do not listen to the voice that says "too late is worse than never." beyond the clouds lays the morning. A storm upon the plains, the thunder in the mountains. You will see the white horse upon the field of green as the world becomes young once again.
Eventually you look down and see that you left yourself behind. That the rarified air is thin and cold. That everything that matters most cannot be had at any price
Basically you don’t have to stress so hard about “figuring your life out” when you realize your life has always been miracle-ing itself into existence since day 1. Just enjoy it. It’s vaster than you could ever figure out anyway
Sometimes you just feel so alive and so effortless and so right that you want to just capture that part of you and keep it in a bottle so you can have it all the time, which might work if it was part of you, and not all of you finally breaking through
Prioritize exploration early on and 2) dial up exploitation as the situation becomes more clear.
Another early 20s weekend night wasted. Good thing i have infinitely many more of these
Sometimes you don’t even let yourself imagine what you want because it seems so impossible that just the thought of it hurts, heart breaking with doubt that it will never come to pass
The only way to truly have zero regrets is to make zero choices and what kind of life is that
If you’re lucky you’ll get to fuck around forever and you’ll never have to find out a goddamn thing
Planning is cope. Avoidance in advance
What’s wrong, not comfortable just letting your life happen, playing it as you go? Worried about “bad things” happening? Need to make sure it’s gonna be “good”?
Don’t want to waste it, right? God forbid you simply experience the divine
You gotta just keep talking to people even if you fumble the bag all the time because some of them won’t care and then you’ll succeed in spite of yourself
Make a complete, unwavering commitment to the present, and you never have to pay a debt for not thinking about the future, because it never comes
That was life? Then again once more!
Never forget what Fr. Seraphim Rose said.. You can be in deep sin, lead an absolutely sinful lifestyle, but it's probably not nearly as bad as it seems.. You can repent, confess, it will be ok.. Time is not that much but you have plenty to do it if you start as soon as possible..
When you lose someone you loved very much you feel this big empty space and think, ‘If I had known this was coming I would have done things differently.’
Bro chill it’s just like Adderall except you smoke it & then become compelled to strip copper wires & collect scrap metal, it’s very lindy hunter/gatherer. Sometimes you might have to kill someone
The human body does not actually need sleep. After 31 hours awake, you get an integer overflow in God’s database and go back to being well-rested again. Also you gain the ability to see angels.
I believe everyone will have an unbelievable "redemption arc". No one suspects how good it can be.
Previous achievements both dwarfed and celebrated.
Any wrongdoings forgotten, made insignificant in newfound grace. Souls redeemed from the depths of Hades. Optimism. Virtue. Works.
In another life, i would have really liked just engineering software and climbing rocks with you
Everything can be so simple if u allow it to be. Every day u can make the choice to be a blessing in someone’s life. It’s easy to smile and be kind
Imagine your life flashes before your eyes & a solid quarter of it was just you watching text & code get generated on a screen lol
The successful man adapts himself to the world. The loser persists in trying to adapt the world for himself. Therefore all progress depends on the loser
You realize that you can just do things right? Like you can just do them. Just do things
If only people understood that any failure in “love” is a lack of loving ourselves, we give so much to others while neglecting ourselves.
We are more willing to offer others a million chance and reasoning while denying ourselves even one chance
To accept that I am nothing, from nothing, and heading towards nothing makes all afflictions harmless, in the same way death doesn’t affect minor characters in a play
You're going to find this hard to believe but today i am changing my life for real this time
Any conception you hold of “how things should be” “what you deserve” or “what you are” can be shattered in a moments notice.  To be unbreakable, cling to none
Whatever suffering we wish to overcome doesn’t seem to be truly a desire for greatness but a slight aversion to pain in most
The simultaneous best and worst thing about being human is the fleeting nature of a moment.
Whatever suffering we wish to overcome doesn’t seem to be truly a desire for greatness but a slight aversion to pain in most
There is this very human feeling, thinking that our spite and hatred will last for eternity, we delude ourselves into thinking our grudges wound our enemies. We must remember that we will die, they will die, and all that truly lives for eternity is the love we had.
I think the only things that really matter is your capacity to suffer and your capacity to love, if you have a high tolerance for both of these you can conquer the universe.
Life has no greater meaning than to wake up every day, go to work, chat with friends, come back home and sleep.
Every minute, every second: every single moment, unto every end; to all joyful beatitude, and to true desolation, I say "yes" towards.
He drove further. The lights blurred into the night. He didn't know how fast he was going. Anything, and everything:
The Sun was arraigned overhead. The radiant afternoon glistened like diamonds against the tension in the air.
"What if this world were naught, but like a bad dream?"
Today I am light, far too light, my feet cannot feel the earth.
I feel like I have so much to give to this world. And yet my time here is limited.
The toughest part is watching ideas that are world-changing sit on a shelf. Shipping can be a sad bottleneck.
Those who died yesterday had plans for this morning, those who died this morning had plans for tonight. In the blink of an eye, everything can change.  So, forgive often and love with all your heart.  You never know when you may not have that chance again.
Coffee to me means rebirth. The cerebral liquids bathe the brain in caffeine. All confusion caused by sleep or a lack of sleep or an excess of sleep recedes to give way to clarity of thought and Reason.
When you consider even the smartest things you’ve ever done stupid… that’s how you know you’re improving… or are just a big stupid fool!
Guys you ever just stop and think about how ridiculous all of this really is? Like actually. Stop scrolling, take a breath and just thinking about it…. You see what I’m saying?
You are the most authentic, brave and uncompromising people ive ever seen. You are genuine titans
I know you now have some questions that are nagging you, but you will gradually discover that the world is built to have more than one level, and it’s unrealistic for everyone to reach all the levels and all the basements with ease
Sorrow and pain is a product of love only accidentally. We should not get too attached to them. They affirm love's truth, but do not produce it, in the way a bleeding wound indicates a living organism, but does not cause its life. A perfect love is possible in a perfect pleasure.
Trouble with you is you want to live forever
GOD DID!!!!!!
Only hope is to return to the romantic ideal - intensity, authenticity, connection to nature, living life with a sense of purpose and drama, and most of all the pursuit of transcendent love.
Your life will be immensely more enjoyable if you get over your self imposed autism and just start talking to random people
To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life
No offense to myself but wtf am i doing
Fear of feeling feelings is 90% of the problem
I know you now have some questions that are nagging you, but you will gradually discover that the world is built to have more than one level, and it’s unrealistic for everyone to reach all the levels and all the basements with ease.
I’m unstoppable because I need nothing to be happy and therefore can face life with the truth that I cannot lose
What can i say everything just happened to play out this way
Do you ever get the feeling that every choice you make betrays yourself?
Don’t want to do anything when there is nothing to do, want to do something else when there is a lot to do, what do
We owe it to those who love us to be more virtuous.
If whole galaxies have supermassive black holes at their centers, then really, this empty hole at my core that I keep tossing stuff into, hoping it will eventually be filled, is normal, cosmically speaking. Or maybe I am just irrevocably damaged by capitalism. Tomato tomahto.
When you start to lose faith in the prospect of a viable future, you clear space inside yourself for (among other things) a fatalist, “f**k it we ball” ethos: No mids, highs only.
Buy material goods that give you a fleeting sense of satisfaction, dont check your bank account, eat out for every meal, obsess over social media
Don’t expect your first at bat to be a homerun. Don’t expect it to be a strike either. Just don’t expect anything. Show up in the game for no reason other than the genuine fact that you can’t see yourself ever sitting out. Embrace the joy of simply having the opportunity to play.
One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly. Death should be chosen freely, -- death at the right time, faced clearly and joyfully and embraced while one is surrounded by one's children and other witnesses.
"When you come to the boundaries of what you know, it is time to make some mistakes."
While others are pondering how to prepare for things that haven't even happened yet, nor may not ever happen, you're out there doing, and finding out for yourself. Keep doing. Learn your own lessons. Come to your own truths. Have fun. That's all there is to it.
If you aren’t in a good place or don’t feel like things are going well, listen to your intuition, since chances are, you aren’t. Do what you think you should do, seek real pleasure, and things will start to fall into place, even if others don’t see this.
Being friendly in your day to day life is now like 10x more important than saving the country or increasing justice or whatever. And the more people disagree the more true this is.
Stake your entire life in the here and now
Blessed are those who still see as a child — to them the world is still trembling with etheric beings, living geometries, psychedelic skies, wise flowers, empathy with the little things, synesthetic intuition and effortless hope — they kept the eyes to see blessings in disguise.
We say “insha’allah” (if Gods wills it) because our destiny is too great to grasp — Our mind is not made to understand miracles that are in store for us.
I would recognise you in total darkness, were you mute and I deaf. I would recognise you in another lifetime entirely, in different bodies, different times. And I would love you in all of this, until the very last star in the sky burnt out into oblivion
There's people and then there's people and then there's me. Know what I mean?
Life is so short, forgetting is so long
But along the way, there will be moments when you get a clear view of the summit looming above you and the immense distances you have already climbed, and those doubts will be stilled
I am about to walk into the most abundant, balanced, and wealthy period of my life. I give myself permission to prosper.
Wipe the tears from your eyes and straighten your back, nerd. And stop crying, your ancestors have already done enough of it watching u.
The solution to your problems is to just live more life. Expose yourself to a variety of experiences so you can feel every emotion under the sun. You don't know what lessons you'll learn, but trust that you will. Fill your world with novelty, and let all the insights come to you.
Everyone is a slave to something, and if you choose no master, you're a slave to yourself. It sounds fine, but you are a cruel, cruel master.
Your capacity to handle stress and failure undeterred is a bigger determining factor of success than any other motivational bullshit you’ve read on here.
A neat little trick when you want to make a risky decision is that you can ask God and then do it with the justification that He didn't say no
A real opportunist respects other opportunists actions but still despises them. Idiots think "I wish I was like him", opportunists think "I wish I stole his opportunity and rose above him
You keep moving forward. You step over your dead brethren and keep going. Decrease in infant mortality made people forget this
Nobody can predict anything. Nobody sees red flags. Something completely unexpected will happen, and years into the future people claim that it was some kind of inevitability. You can get away with anything until the moment that you can't.
People get what they deserve, and people also get fucked or blessed for absolutely no reason. That's life.
What stops people from being great is that they think great people were not people
In another time, if life had worked out differently, we would not have been enemies at all! Oh, but history, genetic, and very life itself has pitted us against one another. Only one of us is making it out alive! Do you know what it really means to love thy enemy?
10x engineer isn’t an identity it’s a state. Every engineer can remember that one time they pushed out a fuck ton of features in two days, just feeling like a god, hitting zero snags, total flow release state. We’ve all been 10x engineers at one point.
99% of the people who say they'd die for this are just lying, they're simply suicidal. If you really love life, with all your heart, and would still make the ultimate sacrifice? That's heroism.
True optimism is not cowardice, in fact it is totally aware of any hellish situation it finds itself in, but its ultimate victory is not giving the torturer any payment for his
There’s always another YouTube video to watch, another show to binge, another meme to laugh at - but your days on earth are finite
A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects.”
You know, if you keep it up you can just like, keep doing this shit forever, like, this place never closes you know, right? So you can just take a hit of gore and keep going... I've been here for weeks.
I'm financially successful, I'm desirable, I'm a multi-millionaire, I will get what I want. I'm a multi-millionaire..
The notion of everything, large and small, of all the innumerable creatures of God, is to be found within us
I have an overabundance of Life
DIVINE LIGHT SEVERED YOU ARE A FLESH AUTOMATON ANIMATED BY NEUROTRANSMITTERS
Think young and live
The greatest risk you can take in life is to not risk it all
Why are you taking everything so seriously now
Embrace your youth live for the first time again
He whom the gods love, grows young
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference."
There's people and then there's people and then there's me. Know what I mean?
Non nobis solum Not for us alone are we born; our country, our friends, have a share in us.
Meanwhile, let us have a sip of tea. The afternoon glow is brightening the bamboos, the fountains are bubbling with delight, the soughing of the pines is heard in our kettle. Let us dream of evanescence and linger in the beautiful foolishness of things.
“I've known supreme happiness, and I'm not greedy enough to want what I have to go on forever. Every dream ends. Wouldn't it be foolish, knowing that nothing lasts forever, to insist that one has a right to do something that does? [...]but, if eternity existed, it would be this moment.”
You've been staring at the stars for so long... You forgot to focus on the ground.